Restructure site (#225)
aerogear/datasync: README.md

## Local Development Setup

> The [Local Development Guide](./docs/guides/local-development.md) will help contributors to get started developing Voyager Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Local Development Guide](./resources/local-development.md) will help contributors to get started developing Voyager Server.
```

> 

Author: @wtrocki  looks like this link is invalid too? should i remove mention of local dev guide?

Reviewer: I have made this change. I should use resources
